Sorry about client directors.
So let me think of a good situation here.
So, okay, cool.
We can do the user.
We do the user.
So we got error.
We got username.
You got created at all.
That's all that work.
I think that works.
Where is that coming from?
>> You overrode the error
handler at the core level it,
with your custom error on the server,
formatError.
>> Format, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it.
Let's get rid of that.
Cool, it can represent 32,
yeah, yeah, no, I'll say that's
a string There you go.
Okay, cool.
All right, so now we got a user.
So now we do some client
side directors here,
some couple client side
directors that come for free.
So I'll talk a little
bit about live queries.
You don't see that here.
But when that becomes available, you will
do something at live, what's really cool,
but you can look into that.
But the ones I wanna talk
about are skip and include.
I think those are really cool.
So in order to take advantage of that
we need to create an operation here.
I'm a Korean operation called query.
And I was gonna say for
get me gonna take in some arguments.
I'm just gonna call this argument.
Yes, and I'm gonna say it's a Boolean.
And it's required.
So I'm gonna do that.
And then we're gonna say is, I only want
to include the airfield if yes, it's true.
So I can say include, like this,
that takes an argument called if.
And you could take a variable like yes,
so I'm only gonna include this if Yes,
it's true that committed
to my query variables.
Open this up and argued for Yes,
I'm going to say it's false.
I'm going to run this and you see
errors is gone, because Yes, is false.
If Yes, it's true then errors there.
So, include is a really good one.
And then, skip is the opposite of include.
So, skip it if Yes is true.
And then don't skip it if Yes is false.
So is the inverse.
So, skip and
include are really good client directives.
I've talked about in other
GraphQL courses here,
a really cool library
called Lodash GraphQL.
This one looks really cool.
You literally can do Lodash queries and
your GraphQL.
So, I mean, it look pretty good GIF,
you can see that's insane.
So the possibilities are endless
of what you can do with stuff and
GraphQL, you can get
lost in this real quick.
There's also another library of
some really helpful ones as well,
but I know that those are really cool.